chore: request artifact in issue template (#1996)
anchore/grype: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

**How to reproduce it (as minimally and precisely as possible)**:

> Please include a link to an artifact grype can scan, or instructions to make
> one. Some suggestions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If possible, please include a link to an artifact grype can scan, instructions to make
one, or upload it on this issue. Some suggestions:
```

1. Link to Dockerhub, GitHub, GitLab, maven central, quay.io, etc to a public
   artifact we can try scanning
2. A Dockerfile that we can build and scan
3. A simple script that creates a directory exhibiting the issue, for example a
   list of `npm install` commands

> Please also include the grype command that was run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also include the grype command and any configuration used.
```

> If possible, please include a link to an artifact grype can scan, instructions to make
> one, or upload it on this issue. Some suggestions:
> 
> 1. Link to Dockerhub, GitHub, GitLab, maven central, quay.io, etc to a public
>    artifact we can try scanning
> 2. A Dockerfile that we can build and scan
> 3. A simple script that creates a directory exhibiting the issue, for example a
>    list of `npm install` commands
> 
> Please also include the grype command and any configuration used.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
If possible, please include a link to an artifact grype can scan, instructions to make
one, or upload it on this issue. Some suggestions:

1. Link to Dockerhub, GitHub, GitLab, maven central, quay.io, etc to a public
   artifact we can try scanning
2. A Dockerfile that we can build and scan
3. A simple script that creates a directory exhibiting the issue, for example a
   list of `npm install` commands

Please also include the grype command and any configuration used.
-->
```
